Add "ch3 Hacking the Core" (#135)
pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io: docs/docs/launch-manual/sections/core-hacking/sections/tools-of-the-trade.md

## Tools of the Trade

To begin, there are a few things we'll assume you know, at least to some degree.
Since all of Pulsar is implemented using web technologies, we have to assume you
know web technologies such as JavaScript and CSS. Specifically, we'll be using
Less, which is a preprocessor for CSS.

<!--This whole section needs to be reworked once decaff properly starts on the core-->

> While much of Pulsar has been converted to JavaScript, a lot of older code has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While much of Pulsar has been converted to JavaScript, a lot of older code is
```

Author: Oof, that was clearly me changing my mind 5 times :P

> been is implemented in CoffeeScript but a process of "decaffeination" is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
still implemented in CoffeeScript but the process of "decaffeination" is
```

> ongoing to continue this conversion. <!--TODO: Add link to decaff docs-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ongoing, to continue this conversion feel free to read [more](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/project-birth/CONTRIBUTING-DURING-START.md#decaffeination).
```
